# Using TensorFlow to Detect Fake News - John Willis
### The internet is an ideal vector for the spread of misinformation. Online, anyone can produce "news" and impose whichever biases they posess. In some cases, the internet acts as a tool of empowerment - giving every user a one-to-many communication technology with fairly limitless bounds. However, with this power comes many signifigant pitfalls - for intance, in the past two elections there has been much talk of russian "bots" infiltrating social media and affecting American's thoughts and actions [(Scott 2019)](https://www.politico.com/story/2019/06/05/study-russia-cybersecurity-twitter-1353543). 
### Though these bots vary in nature, they all share one key characteristic: automation. Simply put, humans cannot keep up with these bots. For every single article one person can manually find and remove from the internet, a bot will create tenfold as many to replace it. So, it is imperative that we have strong systems in place to identify and eliminate misinformation so that it does not continue to plauge our online enviornment. 
### [Bot Sentinel](https://botsentinel.com/) is a platform that evaluates the trustworthiness of Twitter accounts. They utilize a partially automated approach, combining ML and manual analysis to sort and classify accounts. Similar to their approach, my goal is to create a model that will classify news articles as either fake or real. My first goal is to create a model base on purely the articles text. Then, if time allows, I hope to concatenate more features like the articles' subjects and titles to refine my model.
## [Presentation](data310_final.mp4) and [Presentation Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10HI88eToMP6JNQpMBhDcP1Sql462cl3_Qmh03zza7Bs/edit?usp=sharing)

